Assests / Information Required :
    Font files in woff and woff2 formats for the dispaly font (Gza) and the body font (Ubivers LT Std) - the style guide claims they are on google fonts but they are not there as far as I can see - additioanlly self hosting fonts is better for GDPR and page speed.
    What happens if an article has a number of USPs in this section that is not equal to three? How should they display? 
    Are the article cards functional? Do they have a link and a hover state?
    I have not seen this module on the mobile design - is there one? I have stacked them on top of one another for now, but again what happens on mobile is there are a number of cards unqual to three?

Requiremnts :
    container :
        The max width of the content is as per style guide
        The content is split into x <= 3 columns depending on the number of items (x = 1 for 1 card, x = 2 for 2 cards, and x = 3 for 3 + cards)
        The content is contained within a single column on mobile.
    
    USP Card container :
        This will need to be a h2 tag - the font size adn style of a h2 in the style guide is incorrect for this container, therefore I have given it the classes font-x-large and font-body to make it the given font style of an x-large body element (see style guide)
        The container for the title will only show upto ten lines of text - this is due to the max-sizing and aspect ratio of the image.
        The max width of this container is 420px
        The color of the title is white (#ffffff)

    image :
        The image would ideally be served in a webp format for better compression and perfomance.
        The image should be in a 16 / 9 aspect ratio.
        The max-width of the image will be 1520px
        On desktop and tablet the image container's height is capped: max - 700px, min- 450px.
        On mobile the image container's height is capped: min- 250px.
        The image will only be flush with the right edge of the page on screensizes 1970px and below.
        The image should be accompanied by an alt tag for screen reader and seo performace.

    share button :
        This button has a default font style as it was the closest font style in the style guide to the design.
        The share button will always sit at the bottom of the container and at least 50px from the bottom of the title
        The share button includes a small icon and the text "Share".

Variables Required ( for dev ) :
    hasCustomClass
    customclass
    title
    imageSource
    imageAlt
    hasShareButton